Add releaser workflows (#295)
jupyterlab/extension-cookiecutter-ts: {{cookiecutter.python_name}}/RELEASE.md

The extension repository should already be compatible with the Jupyter Releaser.

> Check out the [workflow documentation](https://jupyter-releaser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/how_to_guides/convert_repo_from_repo.html) for more information.

Reviewer: Maybe we can point to this guide instead?

```suggestion
Check out the [workflow documentation](https://jupyter-releaser.readthedocs.io/en/latest/get_started/making_release_from_repo.html) for more information.
```
